# Abstract
Demand forecasting has long been a critical challenge in the US supply chain operations, plagued by disruptions, fluctuating demand, and price volatility. In response to these issues, it is essential to develop and implement AI models that can accurately predict demand. This study aimed to investigate the feasibility of applying machine learning techniques to demand forecasting, particularly in the context of supply chain operations. A comprehensive analysis was conducted using historical data from a logistics company in the USA, which was used to train five traditional demand forecasting methods: Linear Regression, ElasticNet, Random Forest, MLPRegressorn and XGBoost. Additionally, feature selection, data normalization, and dimensionality reduction techniques were employed to improve the accuracy of these models. The results of this study indicate that AI models have shown significant promise in predicting target sales in supply chains. Through rigorous evaluation and optimization techniques, it was demonstrated that the chosen models can accurately predict demand in supply chains, offering valuable insights for businesses operating in the US.This research contributes to the existing body of knowledge on AI applications in demand forecasting, highlights the importance of traditional methods being supplemented by machine learning techniques, and provides practical recommendations for businesses seeking to improve their supply chain operations.
**Keywords**:  Demand Forecasting, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, model selection, AI models, USA supply chains, predictive accuracy.

<a href="https://x0895165-5500.uks1.devtunnels.ms/" class="btn" target="_blank" style="display: inline-block; margin: 5px;"><i class="fab fa-github"></i> View On Github</a> <a href="https://x0895165-5500.uks1.devtunnels.ms/" class="btn" target="_blank" style="display: inline-block; margin: 5px;"><i class="fas fa-file-pdf"></i> Read Paper</a> <a href="https://x0895165-5500.uks1.devtunnels.ms/" class="btn" target="_blank" style="display: inline-block; margin: 5px;"><i class="fas fa-laptop-code"></i> View In Colab</a> <a href="https://x0895165-5500.uks1.devtunnels.ms/" class="btn" target="_blank" style="display: inline-block; margin: 5px;"><i class="fas fa-external-link-alt"></i>  Live Demo</a> 